# Introduction
### Requirements definition and management is an activity that can deliver a high, fast return on investment.

  Bank is the place where customers feel the sense of safety for their property. In the bank, customers deposit and withdraw their money. Transaction of money also is a part where customer takes shelter of the bank. Now to keep the belief and trust of customers, there is the positive need for management of the bank, which can handle all this with comfort and ease. Smooth and efficient management affects the satisfaction of the customers and staff members, indirectly. And of course, it encourages management committee in taking some needed decision for future enhancement of the bank. Now a days, managing a bank is tedious job upto certain limit. So software that reduces the work is essential. Also today’s world is a genuine computer world and is getting faster and faster day-by-day. Thus, considering above necessities, the software for bank management has became necessary which would be useful in managing the bank more efficiently.

-Our software will perform and fulfill all the tasks that any customer would desire.

-Our motto is to develop a software program for managing the entire bank process related to customer accounts, employee accounts and to keep each every track about their property and their various transaction processes efficiently.

-Hereby, our main objective is the customer’s satisfaction considering today’s faster world.

  In the recent years, computers are included in almost all kind of works and jobs everyone come across in the routine. The availability of the software’s for almost every process or every system has taken the world in its top-gear and fastens the day-to-day life. So, we have tried our best to develop the software program for the Bank Management System where all the tasks to manage the bank system are performed easily and efficiently. It manages all the transactions like new account entry, deposit as well as withdraw entry, transaction of money for various processes, managing accounts etc. Thus, above features of this software will save transaction time and therefore increase the efficiency of the system. Requirements definition and management is recognized as a necessary step in the delivery of successful system s and software projects, discipline is also required by standards, regulations, and quality improvement initiatives. Creating and managing requirements is a challenge of IT, systems and product development projects or indeed for any activity where you have to manage a contractual relationship. Organization need to effectively define and manage requirements to ensure they are meeting needs of the customer, while proving compliance and staying on the schedule and within budge.
